Add Dependency version policy section about Python (#5713)
pyvista/pyvista: CONTRIBUTING.rst

   from conda and follow the directions in step 10 in the minor release
   section.

Dependency version policy
-------------------------

Python and VTK dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We support all supported `Python versions`_ and `VTK versions`_ that
support those Python versions. As much as we would prefer to follow

> `NEP 29`_, we follow the VTK version policy as an interface library of VTK.

Reviewer: NEP 29 says 

> This NEP is superseded by the scientific python ecosystem coordination guideline SPEC 0 — Minimum Supported Versions.

I think we should use SPEC 0 here instead.

> `NEP 29`_, we follow the VTK version policy as an interface library of VTK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SPEC 0`_, we follow the VTK version policy as an interface library of VTK.
```

> `NEP 29`_, we follow the VTK version policy as an interface library of VTK.

Reviewer: I can't find a VTK version policy.  Maybe this can be changed to "..., we follow VTK versions as an interface library of VTK."

Gets messy to have a GitHub suggestion with two different concepts in it, so just leaving this one in a comment.

Author: Thanks!

> `SPEC 0`_, we follow the VTK version policy as an interface library of VTK.

Author: ```suggestion
`SPEC 0`_, we follow VTK versions as an interface library of VTK.
```

.. _pre-commit: https://pre-commit.com/
.. _numpydoc Style Guide: https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html
.. _Python versions: https://endoflife.date/python
.. _VTK versions: https://pypi.org/project/vtk/

> .. _NEP 29: https://numpy.org/neps/nep-0029-deprecation_policy.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _SPEC 0: https://scientific-python.org/specs/spec-0000/
```
